[Darkside] :sparkles: Re-added arrow to Tooltip (#3589)
navikt/Designsystemet: .storybook/docs/PilotMigration.mdx

Component got a complete overhaul. Custom overrides might break.

### Popover, HelpText

> `arrow`-prop is removed. All of our floating dialog-elements besides `Tooltip` now comes without arrow.

Reviewer: "besides" betyr "i tillegg til", så foreslår "except for" i stedet.

```suggestion
`arrow`-prop is removed. All of our floating dialog-elements except for `Tooltip` now comes without arrow.
```
